Your kid uh
I missed a little bit.
But the good thing is that it is fully stocked every day.
Are you done cleaning?
Who let you lose
Not such a big house
Ouch, we can't do without civil protection of identity
This is what you want the most.
It's cleaned up, Brother Lu
Sister-in-law is so slow
Don't pick it up and use it as money.
Then I'll go wash up first
What about my sister? What did you do to my sister?
But I'm curious what you say
Mobile phone location
I won't let any man get close to my sister
Does your sister know that she is so infatuated?
It's for his own good.
No one likes the feeling of being watched
I'm just worried about his safety. What's wrong?
And when will I recognize
The only one worthy of my sister throughout the process was when she joined the party
Master Du
Is it amazing?
Of course, yeah.
At a young age, he reached the top of the global rich list
Ten
Brother-in-law is flattering
What are you doing?
What does Young Master Lu have to do with you?
Poor like you
Looking like this
God, he can't even compare to a finger
It's true that I really can't go on a blind date with him
What do you do?
And stay away from my sister
Otherwise I won't let it go